Let's update our test
for deleting students and grades.
Currently in our test, we delete a student.
However we don't delete the associated grades
for the students.
So let's go ahead and make those modifications
to our test now and also to our code.
All righty.
So I'm moving in here
into my student and grade service test,
and let's move to this method here.
Delete student service.
Okay, there it is.
Excellent, now we actually delete the student,
but we don't delete the grades.
So here we're going to add some code
to delete the supporting grades for that given student.
And I'll simply walk through the process
of performing a delete for the math grade,
the science grade and the history grade.
All righty, so we have the grades,
and then we go through and we check to see
If each one of the grades are present.
Basically making sure
that we could retrieve those grades from the database.
And then we make use
of the student service dot delete student,
and it'll do its work.
And then finally we'll want to verify
that we actually deleted those grades.
So we'll attempt to retrieve those grades again
from the database and then make
our appropriate assertions here at the bottom.
And here at the bottom, we're asserting falls
to make sure the math grade was deleted, the science grade
and similar thing for the history grade.
All righty.
So this is our coding so far,
and this is actually a failing test.
But let's go ahead and run it
and verify that.
This test fails as expected, right?
Because at the moment we don't have any real code
in the back end
for actually deleting the supporting grades for a student.
We need to update our student grade service test
to cover that.
We have our failing tests.
Now let's go ahead and do the work and make the test pass.
We want to go from red to green.
Let's move over to our student and grade service
and let's do the work.
I'll move here inside of this method here,
delete student.
Currently at the moment,
we're only deleting a student.
We need to go through,
and also delete the appropriate grades.
Here I'll say math grade.
DAO dot delete by student ID.
And I pass in that ID.
And at the moment it's red,
because we don't have that functionality, but no problems.
We'll add it in a second.
And let's do a similar thing here
for the science grade DAO
and also the history grade DAO.
Now let's go ahead and fix these issues here
with the DAOs.
We need to add some custom finder methods to those DAOs.
I'll move over to the repository package,
and I'll open up the history grade DAO.
I'll add this custom finder method.
Delete by student ID.
Okay, so this looks really good.
Let's go ahead and swing over
to our math grade DAO and do a similar thing.
Delete by student ID.
And then finally, let's go ahead,
and wrap it up with our science grades DAO.
Third times a charm.
We'll add this delete by student ID.
All righty.
So this looks really good.
I like it.
I like it so far
And this should resolve the syntax areas that we had
in our student and grade service dot java.
So all of those red items are now resolved.
Let's go ahead and run our test
and see how this test works out for us.
And excellent.
We see that the test passes.
So this is great.
So we're deleting the student
and also deleting the associated grades,
which is really good.
And then finally, as a sanity test,
let's just go ahead and run all of our tests.
Just to make sure we didn't break anything
during the process.
And we're getting all green check marks here.
That means everything still passes.
So a nice level of comfort
that things are looking pretty good.
So I'd like to say good job, my friend.